sleep we all need it most of us need
more of it
which is why throughout history we've
spent countless waking hours figuring
out how to do it better
until the industrial revolution brought
the light bulb and the factory punch
clock
most people broke their night into first
sleep around dusk until midnight
then second sleep coming after a few
hours of midnight snacking
working or even hanging out with friends
family and pets
all of whom as it were were probably
sleeping right next to you
back then communal sleeping was the norm
when the nights were cold dark and scary
snuggling up with fellow travelers
in-laws and livestock was a feature
not a bug speaking of which for
thousands of years comfort was less
about support than critter control
ancient egyptians were among the first
to lift us up off the floor in the first
raised beds
in order to sleep tight many cultures
used webs of tightened ropes to keep us
aloft
over time those ropes evolved into
springs and eventually pocketed coils
for 200 years victorian morality put a
halt to the slumber party
isolating married couples in single beds
but then
the post-world war ii economic boom
brought royal level sleep to middle
class
families bringing couples back together
rocking their beauty sleep like queens
kings and yes
even california kings bed's big enough
to bring back communal sleeping
if that was your kind of thing the first
sleep lab appeared in 1925 and
large-scale sleep research really took
off in the 70s
sleep was now a science by tracking and
analyzing sleep patterns we learned that
there is no one-size-fits-all for a
perfect night's rest
tomorrow's innovations mean beds could
actively respond to an individual's
needs
needs that can change day by day so much
hinges on a good night's sleep
when we can upgrade our sleep we can
enhance our health and happiness
by continuing to explore what our minds
and bodies need
the perfect night's sleep may finally
become more than just a dream